learn.md, before:

# Learned

### October 3, 2020
Python: sys.exit(""), string are allow to display, when
program exit.

English: "me neither" is the way to say, not "either me".

David Goggins: "Self-talk", when you want to give up, think
about all the hard work of years that you've put, to be at this
position, Talk: "You did programming for 10 hours", "You
made the discipline", "You made the sacrifices, you choose
to work rather than hanging out", "You're always willing to
learn more and improve yourself", and "You wake up at 7 am and
go to bed at 1 am", remind yourself of the past hard work
that you've put in.

### October 4, 2020
Strager:

    Phase 1. Learn programming
        * Learn problem solving
        * Learn how computer work
        * Secondary: Learn a programming language
        * Maybe: Learn software process

    Phase 2. Learn domain
        * Web sites
            * Blogs
            * Ecommerce
            * Wikis
            * Content-rich (Twitch, Youtube, etc)
        * Game development
        * Machine learning
        * Systems programming
            * Compilers
            * Infrastructure
            * Kernel/OS
        * Mobile apps

English: "Hierarchy" is an arrangement of items in which the
items are represented as being "above", "below", or 
"at the same level as" one another

Git:

// delete branch locally
git branch -d localBranchName

// delete branch remotely
git push origin --delete remoteBranchName

### October 7, 2020
Strager:

    # Research vim paste
    :help bracketed  
    :set t_BE=

### October 8, 2020
Jan: How you clean up your code?  
Strager: Book: Refactoring:  
https://www.amazon.com/Refactoring-Improving-Existing-Addison-Wesley-Signature/dp/0134757599/  
Book: Test Driven Development By Example 1st Edition:  
https://www.amazon.com/Test-Driven-Development-Kent-Beck/dp/0321146530

Strager:  

Regular expression: [A-z^::]  
Good color: #1E90FF, #c6faf1

### October 10, 2020
Git: git add -u: Only add modify file not the untrack files

Vim: :term open a terminal to open the program

Strager: It's complicated. My current thinking is that OOP
requires polymorphism. If you're using classes without
polymorphism, I don't consider that OOP.

Polymorphism: It describes the concept that objects of different types
can be accessed through the same interface. Each type can
provide its own, independent implementation of this interface.

Commit message:

Note: pygame.key.set_repeat()

learn.md, after:

# Learn

### October 3, 2020

Python: sys.exit(""), string are allow to display, when
program exit.

English: "me neither" is the way to say, not "either me".

David Goggins: "Self-talk", when you want to give up, think
about all the hard work of years that you've put, to be at this
position, Talk: "You did programming for 10 hours", "You
made the discipline", "You made the sacrifices, you choose
to work rather than hanging out", "You're always willing to
learn more and improve yourself", and "You wake up at 7 am and
go to bed at 1 am", remind yourself of the past hard work
that you've put in.

### October 4, 2020

Strager:

    Phase 1. Learn programming
        * Learn problem solving
        * Learn how computer work
        * Secondary: Learn a programming language
        * Maybe: Learn software process

    Phase 2. Learn domain
        * Web sites
            * Blogs
            * Ecommerce
            * Wikis
            * Content-rich (Twitch, Youtube, etc)
        * Game development
        * Machine learning
        * Systems programming
            * Compilers
            * Infrastructure
            * Kernel/OS
        * Mobile apps

English: "Hierarchy" is an arrangement of items in which the
items are represented as being "above", "below", or 
"at the same level as" one another

Git:

    // delete branch locally
    git branch -d localBranchName

    // delete branch remotely
    git push origin --delete remoteBranchName

### October 7, 2020
Strager:

    # Research vim paste
    :help bracketed  
    :set t_BE=

### October 8, 2020
Jan: How you clean up your code?  

Strager: Book: Refactoring:  

https://www.amazon.com/Refactoring-Improving-Existing-Addison-Wesley-Signature/dp/0134757599/  

Book: Test Driven Development By Example 1st Edition:  

https://www.amazon.com/Test-Driven-Development-Kent-Beck/dp/0321146530

Strager:  

    Regular expression: [A-z^::]
    Good color: #1E90FF, #c6faf1

### October 10, 2020
Git: git add -u: Only add modify file not the untrack files

Vim: :term open a terminal to open the program

Strager: It's complicated. My current thinking is that OOP
requires polymorphism. If you're using classes without
polymorphism, I don't consider that OOP.

Polymorphism: It describes the concept that objects of different types
can be accessed through the same interface. Each type can
provide its own, independent implementation of this interface.

### October 15, 2020
Pygame:
    pygame.key.set_repeat(delay, interval) -> None

When the keyboard repeat is enabled, keys that are held down
will generate multiple pygame.KEYDOWN events. The dalay is
the number of milliseconds before the first repeated
pygame.KEYDOWN will be send. After that another
pygame.KEYDOWN will be send every interval milliseconds
